Add example Docker Compose of running lakeFS with PostgreSQL for K/V store (#125)
treeverse/lakeFS-samples: 01_standalone_examples/docker-compose-with-postgres/README.md

# lakeFS Docker Compose with PostgreSQL

> This is an example Docker Compose file showing how to use lakeFS with PostgreSQL as the K/V store and MinIO as the S3-compatible Object Store. 

Reviewer: I lean towards removing any mention of "kv store" in our docs (except "under the hood" type things)...
```suggestion
This is an example Docker Compose file showing how to use lakeFS with PostgreSQL as the database and MinIO as the underlying storage.
```
